[Music] Hello
everyone, how are you?
I hope you're enjoying yourself and
starting the week off strong. Well, I
wanted to do this second part about the
video that I uploaded earlier, not
to complete the news a bit. And it
turns out that María Patiño
dedicated a tweet to me this morning. It doesn't seem like she's
very aware of all the
content that we upload and that the date, or
rather, really when she does these
things, not making up lies, I
once remember that on Sálvame, I don't
remember that he did what he said, no, like he
said what she thinks it was, he takes
someone out. No. And she also became
very theatrical, no, and she
turned around in the middle of the set and said
credibility and she turned
back because that's because she's hurt
because she knows that really
people, everyone, all experience, cast
doubt on her credibility. It's not that they
cast doubt on it, it's that she doesn't have it, I mean, I ca
n't say. Well, whatever
María Patiño says, we take it with a grain of salt.
No, no, no, it's that she doesn't have it anymore. I mean, she
no longer has it. What María Patiño says is
worthless on the one hand because  Well we have been
watching how Rocío
Carrasco hammered on how she was totally on
Antonio Navi's side, how she has defended
Antonio because she knew and had lived through
the whole story with Rocío Carrasco and with
Fidel, what they had done behind their backs, what they had
done over the phone, calling
directors and producers and all
kinds of big shots from the top of
the programs, no, and that she hadn't been
silent for 20 years and that, well, Cantonavit
had her thing as a couple because she
said so, no, that she had her thing as a couple,
well, the separation, no, she didn't make it very
easy and everything, but as a father and how what we are
defending is not right,
Rocío Carrasco, okay. And she also defended
Rocío Flores, but well, tooth and nail, there
was no argument there with the
producer, no, she would tell him, listen,
Patiño, if you want to stay here. This is
what there is, and the next day he changed
completely, but in a way that is
embarrassing, the flattery, okay, that many
times you want to say yes to him, Patiño,
we have heard that yes, Patiño, we
already know that you, now suddenly, are
very much in favor of the fight against
vicarious violence and all these words
that they taught you, Carlota Corredera,
okay because she, I mean, there
was a sálvame that gave me a cringe, a
shame, a sálvame where she started
asking Carlota Corredera
Carlota but let's see if I've
learned it well, vicarious violence is I do
n't know what it is, it is blue, it is yellow, it is
square, it's like asking her like
Carlota Corredera like the one who is
asking a teacher, a teacher
at the school
who in fact Carlota Corredera, well, I'm
telling you, has been the one who has been harmed at the
end of the documentary, no, she's the one who has been
kicked out and
is out of work, but you're
ashamed many times in the way,
the impetus now suddenly to stand out
because it's not to say that she has
taken a position of, well, come on, I'm not
going to throw more at Rocío Carrasco because
here we are in the television factory and
whoever is against it gets fired and maybe you should have
been a little more
discreet to have made a more critical
assertive Antonio David having done No no no no no
suddenly as if wanting to stand
out as if telling the bosses
Look eh look look eh look look how how do I
do what you guys want to see How do I
sell the documentaries and it has become
pathetic then the credibility in that
sense was crushed by the network that
crushed you with the issue of the posters is
like aunt or so what are you doing That thing about
the posters of Antonio David I mean
in order to throw [ __ ] at slandered or
so because saying you said cantonavi has
simulated a crime
that they are that video or so he invents a
trial that has not existed no that there are
videos of Anthony putting up posters and that there are
witnesses my goodness she is not
reported to the criminal court for that no and
there is the finishing touch already this I mean the finishing touch is
already this no And on top of that when we put
a click that is definitive or rather the click
no longer gives rise to any discussion
because the clip that we put is from their
program, I mean they put it themselves
a few months before the documentary and it is the
meeting and the reunion Well that
meeting that took place between María  Patiño and
Rocio Jurado not what she's talking about She doesn't and it
turns out that she made it up that it's not
at all like she told her that
Jurado told her I don't know that Anthony that it's a
lie or rather the meeting is recorded
And that's not there and the girl sends me a
tweet You know She sent me a tweet
this morning to those of you who search in my
past Search in the present so as not to
make a fool of yourself the facts don't vary
at all okay Patiño or rather it's true
whenever you want Come and we'll debate whenever you
want Come and live without a script with the
knowledge that each of us has of this
gossip of this controversy okay from
memory without papers in between or anything you
and I from memory here you and I from memory
without directors without Fernando the mayor
telling you so that the people applaud you
because when you say something stupid you and
I here live completely alone
without directors without mediators only
with our arguments Okay whenever you
want but don't put a you and
telling me these ridiculous things no Search in
the present so as not to but it's that searching
in the present if you're making a
docuseries  based on things from 20 and
30 years ago heart like looking in the
present like looking in the present
What is the docuseries about if the
docuseries is about when Rosito was
with Antonio David then it's about when they
separated then it's about four
or five years ago and now the second
season is about when Rocío Jurado
is alive what are you telling me
heart of the present But what do I have to
look at in the present how
you make a fool of yourself flattering David
valde pear what is it that I have beautiful about the
present me if you are saying that
you had a meeting with Rocío
Jurado the days before her death I
will have to go to the days before her
death to see what it is that
you said with her What did
you talk about with her how am I going to see the
present María Patiño in the present
Rocío Jurado is not there she is in the past if
yesterday you appeared on socialité telling me
that there is a click that there is a reunion
that there is a reunion of you with Rocío
Jurado where you had those words well
I  like I do pretend to be a journalist
even though I'm not one because I do a better
job than many of you and then I hire him I
check it and find out it's a
lie the facts don't vary
at all like they don't vary but they are
completely different But if you
're asking her questions running
after her with the
Antena 3 microphone and everything would have been
recorded How is it going to occur
to Rocío Jurado that you're making her look
like a coward
that you're making her look like she was
afraid of the whole country okay And that she was a
puppet of Toki and Tokiki of the
brothers she was the most the most innocent
How is it going to occur to Rocío Jurado to
say anything bad to you about Antonio David three
days before he died why is she going to leave in
such a bad mood
my goodness use what to me really
instead of posting a tweet with an emoji ask for
forgiveness and Rocío Carrasco will on top of that
allow you to do this eh Rocío Carrasco will on top of that allow you to do this she
won't pull your
ear because I am that I am Rocío
Carrasco and I see this that you do this
with my mother  that is not there and I will pull your
ear but of those that
embarrass on air
but of those that embarrass and I say to you
why did you invent this about my
mother you why did you invent this
about my mother with what intention do you
invent this about my mother when there is a
video
Why did it suddenly occur to you to
invent this that I already tell you to you that
if it had been true María Patiño
would have told it but many years ago
not now come on if you push me Maybe at
most last year in the docuseries
when she had to sell her change of
jacket but man that you invent
this about a woman who cannot
defend herself who cannot deny it or
anything but Rosy Carrasco is going to keep
quiet because as you did it to
throw [ __ ] at her Antonio David Well nothing
This is what there is in endless family
now turn it around turn it around pana
because the evidence is there okay or I mean
the evidence is there Simply María
Patiño there saying one thing and the
newspaper archives show you that it is not I mean
we have recorded that moment and it is not worth it
this is how it  Marta's risk
with the restaurant Marta lied
This is not about sides nor do I support
one nor do I go for the other here what there is is what there is
the facts okay or so
tangents Okay then what there is is what there is
and María Patillo made up the
story with a very bad intention Okay
and very ugly and very ugly family see you
later A big hug
[Music]